This is the admin side of Lesson Spot.
When a parent books, it lands right on your
dashboard.
You’ll see every lesson, every player, every note—all
in one place.
Coaching notes stay private between you and the athlete.
Upload swing video, drills, anything.
The Resources tab lets your athletes access your full
library of videos and forms—whatever you want to
share with them.
You set your own hours, your own lesson types,
your own pricing.
Email reminders go out automatically, so you stop chasing
kids the night before.
Your page is fully branded—your logo, your
colors, your name.
This is how you stop juggling DMs and group
chats and run lessons like a real business.